# ForecastConfiguration

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**timeframe** | **String** | The duration of the scenario in months. |  [optional]
**startMonth** | **String** | The month and year when the scenario was set to start. |  [optional]
**extendedForecast** | **Boolean** | Whether the projection includes the extended forecast timeframe and the results estimated for it. |  [optional]
**targetRankRange** | **Boolean** | Whether the target rank range option is enabled for the Objective. If &#x27;true&#x27;, the estimated results of the forecast will be returned for both the lower (worst) and the higher (best) target. |  [optional]
**progressionSpeed** | **String** | The user-configured speed at which the average selected target rank will be reached.  Possible values are &#x60;conservative&#x60;, &#x60;mostly conservative&#x60;, &#x60;moderate&#x60;, &#x60;mostly moderate&#x60;, &#x60;optimistic&#x60;, &#x60;mostly optimistic&#x60;, and &#x60;custom&#x60;. |  [optional]
**useYearOverYear** | **Boolean** | Whether the option to include the Year-over-Year search trends of the keywords in the forecast calculation is enabled. |  [optional]
**useSearchVolumeByDevice** | **Boolean** | Whether the option to include the search volume for each device of the keywords in the forecast calculation is enabled. |  [optional]
**useLongTailEffect** | **Boolean** | Whether the option to include the estimation of additional traffic generated by other keywords semantically related to the ones included in the forecast is enabled. |  [optional]
**usePercentageClicks** | **Boolean** | Whether the option to include the Percentage Clicks metric in the forecast calculation is enabled. |  [optional]
**conversionData** | [**ForecastConfigConversionData**](ForecastConfigConversionData.md) |  |  [optional]
